and the Lord said to Moses speak to the
and the Lord said to Moses speak to the priests the sons of Aaron and say to
priests the sons of Aaron and say to
priests the sons of Aaron and say to them none shall defile himself for the
them none shall defile himself for the
them none shall defile himself for the dead among his people except for his
dead among his people except for his
dead among his people except for his relatives who are nearest to him his
relatives who are nearest to him his
relatives who are nearest to him his mother his father his son his daughter
mother his father his son his daughter
mother his father his son his daughter and his brother also his virgin sister
and his brother also his virgin sister
and his brother also his virgin sister who is near to him who has had no
who is near to him who has had no
who is near to him who has had no husband for her he may defile himself
husband for her he may defile himself
husband for her he may defile himself otherwise he shall not defile himself
otherwise he shall not defile himself
otherwise he shall not defile himself being a chief man among his people to
being a chief man among his people to
being a chief man among his people to profane himself they shall not make any
profane himself they shall not make any
profane himself they shall not make any bald place on their heads nor shall they
bald place on their heads nor shall they
bald place on their heads nor shall they shave the edges of their beards nor make
shave the edges of their beards nor make
shave the edges of their beards nor make any cuttings in their flesh they shall
any cuttings in their flesh they shall
any cuttings in their flesh they shall be holy to their God and not profane the
be holy to their God and not profane the
be holy to their God and not profane the name of their God for they offer the
name of their God for they offer the
name of their God for they offer the offerings of the Lord made by fire and
offerings of the Lord made by fire and
offerings of the Lord made by fire and the bread of their God
the bread of their God
the bread of their God therefore they shall be holy they shall
therefore they shall be holy they shall
therefore they shall be holy they shall not take a wife who is a harlot or a
not take a wife who is a harlot or a
not take a wife who is a harlot or a defiled woman nor shall they take a
defiled woman nor shall they take a
defiled woman nor shall they take a woman divorced from her husband for the
woman divorced from her husband for the
woman divorced from her husband for the priest is holy to his God therefore you
priest is holy to his God therefore you
priest is holy to his God therefore you shall consecrate him for he offers the
shall consecrate him for he offers the
shall consecrate him for he offers the bread of York
bread of York
bread of York he shall be holy to you for I the Lord
he shall be holy to you for I the Lord
he shall be holy to you for I the Lord who sanctify you am holy the daughter of
who sanctify you am holy the daughter of
who sanctify you am holy the daughter of any priest if she profanes herself by
any priest if she profanes herself by
any priest if she profanes herself by playing the harlot she profanes her
playing the harlot she profanes her
playing the harlot she profanes her father she shall be burned with fire he
father she shall be burned with fire he
father she shall be burned with fire he who is the high priest among his
who is the high priest among his
who is the high priest among his brethren on whose head the anointing oil
brethren on whose head the anointing oil
brethren on whose head the anointing oil was poured and who is consecrated to
was poured and who is consecrated to
was poured and who is consecrated to wear the garments shall not uncover his
wear the garments shall not uncover his
wear the garments shall not uncover his head not tear his clothes nor shall he
head not tear his clothes nor shall he
head not tear his clothes nor shall he go near any dead body nor defile himself
go near any dead body nor defile himself
go near any dead body nor defile himself for his father or his mother nor shall
for his father or his mother nor shall
for his father or his mother nor shall he go out of the sanctuary nor profane
he go out of the sanctuary nor profane
he go out of the sanctuary nor profane the sanctuary of his God for the
the sanctuary of his God for the
the sanctuary of his God for the consecration of the anointing oil of his
consecration of the anointing oil of his
consecration of the anointing oil of his God is upon him I am the Lord and he
God is upon him I am the Lord and he
God is upon him I am the Lord and he shall take a wife in her virginity a
shall take a wife in her virginity a
shall take a wife in her virginity a widow or a divorced woman or a defiled
widow or a divorced woman or a defiled
widow or a divorced woman or a defiled woman or a harlot these he shall not
woman or a harlot these he shall not
woman or a harlot these he shall not marry but he shall take a virgin of his
marry but he shall take a virgin of his
marry but he shall take a virgin of his own people as wife nor shall he profane
own people as wife nor shall he profane
own people as wife nor shall he profane his posterity among his people for I the
his posterity among his people for I the
his posterity among his people for I the Lord sanctify him and the Lord spoke to
Lord sanctify him and the Lord spoke to
Lord sanctify him and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to Aaron saying no man of
Moses speak to Aaron saying no man of
Moses speak to Aaron saying no man of your descendants in succeeding
your descendants in succeeding
your descendants in succeeding generations who has any defect may
generations who has any defect may
generations who has any defect may approach to offer the bread of his God
approach to offer the bread of his God
approach to offer the bread of his God for any man who has a defect shall not
for any man who has a defect shall not
for any man who has a defect shall not approach a man blind or lame who has a
approach a man blind or lame who has a
approach a man blind or lame who has a mod face or any limb too long a man who
mod face or any limb too long a man who
mod face or any limb too long a man who has a broken foot or broken hand or is a
has a broken foot or broken hand or is a
has a broken foot or broken hand or is a hunchback or a dwarf or a man who has a
hunchback or a dwarf or a man who has a
hunchback or a dwarf or a man who has a defect in his eye or eczema or scab or
defect in his eye or eczema or scab or
defect in his eye or eczema or scab or is a eunuch
is a eunuch
is a eunuch no man of the descendents of air and the
no man of the descendents of air and the
no man of the descendents of air and the priest who has a defect shall come near
priest who has a defect shall come near
priest who has a defect shall come near to offer the offerings made by fire to
to offer the offerings made by fire to
to offer the offerings made by fire to the Lord he has a defect he shall not
the Lord he has a defect he shall not
the Lord he has a defect he shall not come near to offer the bread of his God
come near to offer the bread of his God
come near to offer the bread of his God he may eat the bread of his God both the
he may eat the bread of his God both the
he may eat the bread of his God both the most holy and the holy only he shall not
most holy and the holy only he shall not
most holy and the holy only he shall not go near the veil or approach the altar
go near the veil or approach the altar
go near the veil or approach the altar because he has a defect lest he profaned
because he has a defect lest he profaned
because he has a defect lest he profaned my centuries for I the Lord sanctify
my centuries for I the Lord sanctify
my centuries for I the Lord sanctify them and Moses told it to Aaron and his
them and Moses told it to Aaron and his
them and Moses told it to Aaron and his sons and to all the children of Israel